Update openthread (#6068)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_tools.rst

Use the following radio URL parameter to connect to an RCP node.

.. code-block:: console

   'spinel+hdlc+uart://\ *ncp_uart_device*\ ?uart-baudrate=\ *baud_rate*'

Replace the following parameters:

   * *ncp_uart_device* - Specifies the location of the device, for example: :file:`/dev/ttyACM0`
   * *baud_rate* - Specifies the baud rate to use.

>    The Thread Co-Processor sample supports baud rate ``1000000``.

Reviewer: This is breaking the build. It needs two more spaces of indent to count as part of the bullet.

> For example, to use ``ot-daemon``, enter the following commands::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to use ``ot-daemon``, enter the following commands:
```
Only need the one colon since you're also manually opening the code block.

.. code-block:: console

   sudo ./build/posix/src/posix/ot-daemon 'spinel+hdlc+uart:///dev/ttyACM0?uart-baudrate=1000000' --verbose
   sudo ./build/posix/src/posix/ot-ctl

> For example, to use ``ot-cli``, enter the following command::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use ``ot-cli``, enter the following command instead:
```
